---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# Open-Source Codes of Conduct

Codes of conduct are important for emphasizing the values of projects that cannot legally restrict the behavior of their users. They are the response to the criticism that they may be used for harmful purposes, though because they are not legally enforceable, they do not fully address the concerns. Therefore, while efforts to enforce codes of conduct are welcome, by design, they cannot solve the problem. Regardless, taking some stance is better than taking none, so a project that is not willing to do the bare-minimum is one that I would likely not be willing to work on, except in cases where I know I can contribute some significant functionality.

## Eclipse and Golang
The Go Code of conduct is an important document to have as it emphasizes the values of the creators and, regarding the creators' intent, helps filter out those who may use it against their intentions. Though they may not legally prohibit as per the definition of open-source, they may still express their intentions. With a programming language, the amount that can be created is, by definition, broad, so taking this stance is important.
The Eclipse [Code Of Conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php), on the other hand, while it defines actions being taken, it is, by its nature as software, different from Golang, so they must structure it differently, though many of the restrictions are similar.

## Golang vs Sugarlabs
The Sugarlabs code of conduct is structurally very similar to that of Go, emphasizing respect and open-source values (patience, respect), though sugarlabs more explicitly emphasizes collaboration and explicitly names free software.

## Veloren
The [Veloren Code of Conduct](https://github.com/veloren/veloren/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) emphasizes community values. Because of its nature as a game, the possibilities of use of the software are not as vast. Instead, they emphasize the collaborative nature and intent of the project, and by extension they emhasize respectfulness and kindness, as well as respect for moderation.