---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Teamwork makes the Dream Work
---

My work on [WebPad](https://github.com/ossd-s24/WebPad) was an interesting exercise in group work that I had not previously done. Of course, I've participated in group work before, but I had never worked on a team coding project using Git before. I was pleasantly surprised with my own ability to work in the group (I hope my team also positively views my contributions), as I was unsure of the role I should take at first. Thus, I was very happy to be able to take the role of directing the overall coding process as I had the most JavaScript experience on my team, which I was very happy about, as I was not looking forward to writing documentation (though I know I should focus on it).
<!--more-->
This said, using JavaScript is always a pain, and its quirks were a bit of a pain to deal with after a while of not using it. Overall though, it was refreshing to work on a team where all work was done by those to whom it was designated, and there wasn't much friction in the process. 
Regarding other presentations, I was glad my team presented early, as there were many helpful extensions that I would prefer to not be compared to. Particularly, [TikTock](https://github.com/ossd-s24/TikTock) is an extension that I personally hope to use in my own studying (though I wish I'd had it sometime before my very last semester). It was very well made and presented. Similarly, [StudyTool](https://github.com/ossd-s24/studyTool) is a tool that all users should install immediately. I genuinely commend the presenters in how they pitched the add on to the class, and the features they hope to add excite me. 