---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Open Source Prospects
---
## Trials and Tribulations

Looking at Open Source projects this week, I get a similar feeling to that of doing an icebreaker - you never know how little you've thought about yourself until forced to. Similarly, identifying my interests for Open Source projects was difficult because, for the majority of my time studying Computer Science, I have been assigned projects without room for developing interests (and admittedly, where I have, I've chosen the easy route). That said, I'm not completely soulless, so looking at web design projects was a good start. 
<!--more--> 

### Brave 

Looking at brave, I was interested by the browser's focus on privacy and security, something I find important, especially given the recent state of Google. Looking at the source code, however, it is difficult to say what exactly I might be able to contribute to the project, and in looking at the finer details of the project, I realized that brave shares most of its structure with chrome, being built on the Chromium Browser. This emphasized the importance of actually understanding how the project is built at a basic level *before* taking a look at the source code, as it would have saved me a lot of time in trying to figure out where the actual differences lie. This also helped me realize that the biggest challenge in working on an open source project, for me, is most likely trying find the sweet spot of how much of the existing code and practices I need to understand before trying to contribute. If I attempt to understand too much, I will never begin, but if I understand too little, I will do more harm than good. My mistake with brave has given me insight into how to combat this by (as told to us time and time again in class) looking at existing media and channels of communication about the project. Being able to learn from these channels of communication also excites me, as I hope gain more knowledge from their suggestions on material to reference.