---
layout: post
title: "Week 15 - Presentations and Thoughts"
---
Make your blog post. Reflect on the presentations from this week and your group's progress.
This week's presentations were all very interesting to watch and enjoy. By that point I had forgotten what most of the other groups were doing, so learning about their projects in context of their solved issues was fun. 

The presentation that stood out to me the most was, by far, Gitlab. it was a <!--more--> very meta project/presentation - contributing to the contribution platform. The presentation itself was well put together, in my opinion, and impressively delivered (introduction and first section were quick but points were still elaborated on enough), though it was a shame that Gitlab cannot be contributed to by Windows Users. (Update after initially writing: Apparently Gitlab is facing a [security breach](https://thehackernews.com/2024/05/cisa-warns-of-active-exploitation-of.html), lucky the Gitlab group went before this happened otherwise it might've been a little awkward)

Similarly, I found Godot's presentation to be particularly good. Maybe it's the passing fascination I have with the topic, but I enjoyed seeing how the group was able to contribute to the engine. Hearing this from the perspective of both aspiring and actual game developers was also unique.

As for my group, I am satisfied with our presentation. Though there are a few points I realize, with hindsight, we should have hit, I am overall happy with our performance. There is also the satisifaction of being, for the most part, done with the semester. Though we still have PRs to merge, looking at te progress through the lens of a presentation lets us see how much we were actually able to do.