---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Open Source Outside of Tech
---

## Open Source in Industries
I thought it was very interesting to learn how open source can be used outside of the tech industry in a more direct way. Though we'd touched upon it being used in things like banking in class, it was interesting to learn about the way it is integrated. The video ["Why should you have an Open Source Program Office"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjVwzd7Xrs) (featuring our guest speaker from Wednesday) shed some particularly good light on this, discussing how a company can make a smart investment in an Open Source Program Office. It was obvious that it was a good financial choice to use open source software, but the creation of an office has never crossed my mind. Looking at the film industry as well was somewhat surprising, and the benefits of having pre-trained employees was an obvious benefit that I hadn't yet thought of.

## Open Food Facts Progress
My group's progress has had a slow start, first because of failure in the development environment (which, painfully, was a lot easier to solve than I expected), then the amount of activity in the project making it hard to find issues to claim. Our group has worked on an issue together, but it was relatievly minor. Speaking to the slack, however, we've found that issue claiming is not as big of a problem as we thought, especially as there are some that have been claimed for a while without any progress. In turn, this makes it easier for us to work on the issue without fear of it being taken, as it seems that someone else has already tried and failed. 