---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - **Small** Contributions
---

## Social Good 

For the discussion on Social Good videos, I watched Group 1's videos, [Opening the Loop: Autonomy, Access and Insulin](https://www.redhat.com/en/open-source-stories/opening-the-loop) and [Healthcare Made Human](https://www.redhat.com/en/open-source-stories/common-connections/healthcare-made-human). Unfortunately, I was unable to attend the class discussion on the topic. Nonetheless, I found the focus on data interesting, particularly in *Opening the Loop: Autonomy, Access and Insulin*. Of course, it's obvious that healthcare data is among the most  <!--more--> important, especially in conversations about Big Data. However, *Big* Data discussions usually focus on the power of data in large collections, rather than the individual value it may hold for the people who it pertains to. Thus, looking at the way continuous insulin monitoring can provide life saving information to diabetics was something of an eye-opener for me. The fact that it is open sourced is also incredibly important, as healthcare technology, especially in the US but globally, suffers from being privately controlled. Though this does not entirely prevent it from being withheld due to financial issues, it is nonetheless important that the technology is open.

## Small Contributions

I have primarily been able to make OpenStreetMap Contributions. I Emphasize the word **Small** because I have, to no avail, been looking into how to best make mass edits on OpenStreetMap. When first making searches on OpenStreetMap, I noticed that looking up, for instance, "W 4 ST", a common shorthand for "West 4th Street", here in NY, does not yield results. There is a short_name attribute for nodes in OpenStreetMap, so adding that short name could be a significant quality of life upgrade for using OpenStreetMap. Making this edit, however, was not as simple as I hoped, and required making a query with OverpassAPI and writing code to modify the queried data. I have not yet found out how to request that this data get pushed to the OpenStreetMap servers. Thus, my biggest challenge has been myself not understanding what a *small* contribution means. Regardless, if I am able to find out how to push the data, it would represent a significant quality of life improvement for users in NYC.